hello everyone today I have a Sephora
haul for you guys because they just had
their big vib sale but I've been waiting
for for months and months and i finally
got to get some of the products I've
been wanting for a really long time so I
thought that I would share what I got
with all of you the first thing that I
got is the glam glow face mask set to
this out with their holiday sets right
now and it comes with the glam glow
super mod clearing treatment and the
youth mud tingle exfoliate treatment and
I got the set because I've been really
wanting to try the super mud clearing
treatment and the set was the same price
as the super mud clearing treatment just
by itself so you basically get a smaller
version of the youth mud treatment with
it for free I've heard so many amazing
things about this mask as far as its
ability to unclog in like pull gunk out
of your pores I've seen so many people
writing about this so it was definitely
the top of my list of things to get
during the sale because I cannot wait to
try this on my face and see what happens
I got a key products from our glass and
the first one is their ambient lighting
powder in luminous light and I wanted to
try this I wanted to try just another
one of their powders because I got their
ambient lighting palette not too long
ago and I'm absolutely obsessed with it
I use it every single day and so I just
wanted to pick up another one of their
powders to try so this is luminous light
I've heard really good things about it
it's a light nude with a definite Sheen
to it I got it because I thought I might
like it for highlighting or even just
really lightly all over my face to my
hip glo a little bit more and then
another thing on my shopping list from
our glass was the icon lip color and
they have the icon lip color in like all
of their different types of lip products
and I wasn't entirely sure before the
sale which ones I wanted to go with but
I ended up going with their it's their
femme Rouge lipstick in the color icon
which is just it is possibly the most
stunning red color I have ever
encountered in a lip color it's
absolutely gorgeous like as soon as i
swatched this on my hand i was like i
see why it's called icon because it's
like an iconic beautiful kind of a blue
toned red colored so i ended up getting
the lipstick as well as the lip gloss
which is also in the shade icon because
i always like having a lipstick lipgloss
duo
to wear what I want to wear red lips so
I got the lip gloss as well and the
gloss is super opaque I can even wear
this by itself or just over a lip liner
and it would just be absolutely gorgeous
I just can't get over this color I
cannot wait to start wearing it the next
thing on my shopping list was an
eyeshadow palette from marc jacobs that
i've been hearing just so many wonderful
things about it's the lolita which is
there more kind of neutrals palette
comes in a really nice cloth little
pouch that's great for storing it it's a
really slim sleek long palette it's
really pretty the black packaging and
then you open it up and it has a little
cover here on top you can take out and I
love the color selection of this palette
because it has three mats it has a light
highlighting mat and then that medium
kind of light brown matte color that I
always use in my crease is that
transition shade that has a dark brown
matte which is great because I'll use
that for like my smokey eye liner and
then it has four shimmery neutral colors
to pair with it so I think it's an
awesome color selection I cannot wait to
start using this and then I got a few
things from Dior and the first thing
that I got is there creme de rose lip
balm which I've heard really great
things about this and it seems like the
people that like this love it like
everyone that likes this bomb seems to
be almost like obsessive about it so I
was like if I can finally get twenty
percent off of it i'll try it i haven't
tried it yet this is still just a
perfectly fresh untouched pot I can't
wait to try it it has the most lovely
roses scent and then also from Dior I
got their rosy glow blush which is a
product I've been wanting to try for a
really long time I've heard so many
wonderful things about it and you guys
know I'm a total blush junkie it's the
prettiest cool toned bright pink shade
it's definitely more sheer than how it
looks in the pan though which makes it a
lot more wearable and whenever I see
somebody wearing this they just look
fantastic it just seems to be a really
nice awakening blush color that just
freshens up the face and I just loved
your packaging everything about it from
like the case it's a little brush in the
big mirror and then it has to your
stamped in the powder just everything
about it is very girly and very like
luxurious feeling and then the last
thing that i got from dior is one of
their dior addict lip glosses this is
number 363 or dorm use I'm not
really sure how to pronounce that and
this is just a really pretty light
creamy pink color a lot of their dior
addict glosses have a lot of shimmer or
glitter to them which I don't really
like in a gloss but this one is just
creamy which is what drew me to it and I
think it's just a really nice pretty
color the more products that I try from
Dior the more I fall in love with the
brand because i don't think i've tried
anything from them yet that I've
disliked so that is my Sephora vib sale
haul if you got anything from the sale
let me know what you picked up like what
were the hot items that you were really
excited to get during this sale I hope
you guys are having a wonderful week so
far and I will see you next time